ShareLockers
Buy and Sell Locally with Confidence.
[Get Started]


We all have unused stuff lying around that's still worth something.
But even with online auctions and classifieds readily available,
the hassles of shipping, scheduling, and safety keep the average
person out of the Sharing Economy.


ShareLockers enable peer-to-peer sales that are:

  Instant
    See something you want? Buy it in a few taps from your cell phone.
  Safe
    Sales are conducted in public places though our secure e-commerce platform.
  Local
    No shipping means you save money while staying green. Win win.
  Simple
    See it. Buy it. Take it home.

How ShareLockers Work
  Browse
    Check out Lockers in your area in person or through our web portal. Simply click an item's photo to find out more.
  Buy
    Provide your payment information to gain access to the locker and pay the seller. Reap the rewards of instant gratification.
  Sell
    Stock your item in an empty locker by providing basic information, an image, and a price. Or select a previously purchased item for resale.
  Enjoy
    Get great deals and contribute to your local Sharing Economy, while we handle the tricky parts.

Meet the Team
      Brendan
      Falon
      Alan
      John
      Manish



ShareLockers is a peer-to-peer commerce platform with a physical presence firmly rooted in your local economy.

Our modular, scalable, web-connected lockers provide a secure, 24-hour, automated storefront ideally suited for
high foot-traffic areas, such as student unions and metro stations. The sharelockers.com web portal enables users
to quickly and painlessly stock, buy, or search items in the immediate vicinity without shipping hassles or safety
concerns. Offering immediacy and impulse-buying opportunities no online retailer can touch, without the overhead of a
brick-and-mortar presence. ShareLockers puts the power of e-commerce in your hands!

Internet classifieds and auctions have made buying and selling used goods easier, but significant issues
still remain for the average person to take advantage of the Sharing Economy. Shipping hassles
